
This directory contains a subdirectory for all the stars with a satisfactory model, using the common name of each star as the name of each subdirectory. Each of these subdirectories contains the following:
 - {name}_bestModel_0.hdf : The best model created within the code, containing the predicted frequencies interpolated in both age and rotation frequency, their mode identifications and other parameters relevant to the fitting procedure, such as the model's luminosity, effective temperature and central hydrogen mass fraction. Note that this best model can deviate from the statistical model and is thus not expected to always precisely match the observed frequencies. 
 - {name}_resultsSummarised_0.csv : The stellar parameters of each evolutionary track's chosen model interpolated in age and rotation frequency. The total and reduced chi-square, as well as whether the evolutionary track's chosen model lies within the observational 2sigma error ellipse in the HRD. These are used in the computation of the statistical model and all the uncertainties. 
 - Z0.014_M{M}_logD{logD}_fov{fov}.hist : The complete MESA history data of the evolutionary track nearest to the statistical stellar model. All columns are default MESA columns described in `$MESA_DIR/star/defaults/history_columns.list`, except for *Asymptotic_dP* which is a custom computation of the asteroseismic parameter Pi_0 computed using equation (3.237) in the book of Aerts et al. (2010), expressed in seconds. 
 - Z0.014_M{M}_logD{logD}_fov{fov}_Xc{Xc}_mn{mn}.prof : The MESA profile data nearest to the statistical stellar model. All columns are default MESA columns described in `$MESA_DIR/star/defaults/profile_columns.list`. 
 - Z0.014_M{M}_logD{logD}_fov{fov}_Xc{Xc}_mn{mn}.GYRE : The GYRE input model created by MESA nearest to the statistical stellar model in MESA's `'GYRE'` format. Note that this needs to be converted to a `'GSM'` format to be fed into StORM. Python code to do so is available in this repository under MESA_StORM_setup. 

 Herein {name} is the common name of the star; {M}, {logD}, {fov}, {Xc} are the initial mass in Msun, log10 envelope mixing at the base of the envelope in cm^2/s, the core overshoot parameter and central hydrogen fraction at the point in the stellar model grid closest to the statistical model. Note that these values may differ from the optimal values in the statistical model, yet they are representative to e.g. compute the sensitivity kernels. {mn} is the model number of the MESA model.
